rename: fix 'rename' command has two different versions (#3126)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/rename.ul.md

# rename.ul

> Renames multiple files.

> > This is the util-linux version of `rename`. See `rename` for the perl version which is default on Debian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is the util-linux version of `rename`. See `rename` for the Perl version which is default on Debian.
```
Typo.

Author: Thanks!

> > This is the util-linux version of `rename`. See `rename` for the perl version which is default on Debian.

Reviewer: Do we really need to have it say "which is default on Debian"? I wouldn't say that's really necessary. What do you think?

Author: Removed it ;)

> > Warning: The renaming has no safeguards and will overwrite files without any questions.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Warning: This command has no safeguards and will overwrite files without prompting!
```

Author: Much better, thanks!

Author: @sbrl  the exclamation mark broke it again, I forgot. :/ Do I need to change it or does the test need to be changed?

- Rename files using simple substitutions (substitute 'foo' with 'bar' wherever found):

`rename {{foo}} {{bar}} {{*}}`

- Dry-run - display which renames would occur without performing them:

`rename -vn {{foo}} {{bar}} {{*}}`

- Do not overwrite existing files:

`rename -o {{foo}} {{bar}} {{*}}`

- Change file extensions:

> `rename {{.ext}} {{.bak}} *.foo`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rename {{.ext}} {{.bak}} {{*.ext}}`
```
This command doesn't make much sense, it changes `.ext` to `.bak`, but the files selected have a `.foo` extension which basically nullifies the purpose of the command.

Author: Woops thanks :)

> - Prepend all files with 'foo':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prepend "foo" to all filenames in the current directory:
```
I think it would be clearer worded this way, do you agree?

`rename '' 'foo' {{*}}`

> - Rename 'foo1', ..., 'foo10', ..., 'foo100' to 'foo001', ..., 'foo010', ..., 'foo100':

Reviewer: This command and description is somewhat confusing, and the command is also wrong (the first one should be `rename foo foo0 foo?`, notice only one zero).

I would suggest the following:

    > Rename a group of increasingly numbered files zero-padding the numbers up to 3 digits:

    `rename {{foo}} {{foo0}} {{foo?}} && rename {{foo}} {{foo0}} {{foo??}}`

Reviewer: By the way, this becomes even cooler with bash tokens:

    rename bar{,0,?} && rename bar{,0,??}

Author: The command is correct. ;)
```
>ls
foo  foo1  foo10  foo100  foo11  foo12  foo2  foo3  foo4  foo5  foo99
>rename foo foo00 foo?
>ls
foo  foo001  foo002  foo003  foo004  foo005  foo10  foo100  foo11  foo12  foo99
>rename foo foo0 foo??
>ls
foo  foo001  foo002  foo003  foo004  foo005  foo010  foo011  foo012  foo099  foo100
```
I'll change it to your suggestion, it's easier to understand. I don't know if I should add the bash tokens? I have never heard of it :o

Reviewer: Hmm yeah that shorter example is less clear, let's just go with the long one.
